this phone can apparently stop a bullet
so let's test that it's designed by a
company called caviar it costs over
$10,000 and as far as durability is
concerned it is well beyond even
military specification with a thick
titanium alloy coating on the back so I
bought the most powerful air rifle you
can get within the legal limits which
can shoot out lead pellets at 800 ft per
second man I love how the cameras are
completely flush with the body all right
let's shoot first we're going to shoot a
normal phone for a point of
comparison that's how you know it's
powerful okay 3 2 one wo so powerful oh
my God the bullet's completely lodged
inside and now for the bulletproof phone
I haven't actually missed one shot while
using this gun I'm pretty scared this
bullet's going to come back 3 2 1 W I
hit something and it is completely
unmarked and the screen is 100%
functional